Jay Gatsby - A definite article is an article that marks a definite noun phrase. Definite articles such as 
English the are used to refer to a particular member of a group. It may be something that the speaker 
has already mentioned or it may be otherwise something uniquely specified.

Nick Carraway - For example, Sentence 1 uses the definite article and thus expresses a request for 
a particular book. In contrast, Sentence 2 uses an indefinite article and thus conveys that 
the speaker would be satisfied with any book.

Daisy Buchanan - Give me the book.
The definite article can also be used in English to indicate a specific class among other classes:
The cabbage white butterfly lays its eggs on members of the Brassica genus.

Thomas "Tom" Buchanan - A recent developments show that definite articles are morphological elements linked to 
certain noun types due to lexicalization. Under this point of view, definiteness does not play a role 
in the selection of a definite article more than the lexical entry attached to the article.

And, after boasting this way of my tolerance, I come to the admission that it has a limit. 
Conduct may be founded on the hard rock or the wet marshes but after a certain point 
I don't care what it's founded on. When I came back from the East last autumn 
I felt that I wanted the world to be in uniform and at a sort of moral attention forever; 
I wanted no more riotous excursions with privileged glimpses into the human heart. Only Gatsby, 
the man who gives his name to this book, was exempt from my reaction—Gatsby 
who represented everything for which I have an unaffected scorn. 
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, 
some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those 
intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away. 
This responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabby impressionability which is dignified 
under the name of the "creative temperament"—it was an extraordinary gift for hope, 
a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely 
I shall ever find again. No—Gatsby turned out all right at the end; it is what preyed on Gatsby, 
what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out 
my interest in the abortive sorrows and short-winded elations of men.